                           *** License Agreement ***

Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory

ACADEMIC, INTERNAL, RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT, NON-COMMERCIAL USE ONLY, LICENSE

geNomad Copyright (c) 2022, The Regents of the University of California,
through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (“Berkeley Lab”) subject to
receipt of any required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy. All rights
reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
(1) Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
(2) Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
(3) Neither the name of the University of California, Berkeley Lab, U.S. Dept.
of Energy nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission
of Berkeley Lab.
(4) Use of the software, in source or binary form is for INTERNAL USE, RESEARCH
& DEVELOPMENT, NON-COMMERCIAL USE, purposes ONLY. User must be an accredited
academic institution. All commercial use rights for the software are reserved
by Berkeley Lab. A separate commercial use license is available from Berkeley
Lab at IPO@lbl.gov
(5) User agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Berkeley Lab, the U.S.
Government, the software developers, the software sponsors, and their agents,
officers, and employees, against any and all claims, suits, losses, damage,
costs, fees, and expenses arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.
User agrees to pay all costs incurred by Berkeley Lab in enforcing this
provision, including reasonable attorney fees.
(6) In the event User creates any bug fixes, patches, upgrades, updates,
modifications, derivative works or enhancements to the source code or binary
code of the software ("Enhancements") User hereby grants Berkeley Lab and the
U.S. Government a paid-up, non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license in the
Enhancements to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies to the
public, perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit others to do so.

THE SOFTWARE IS SUPPLIED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. BERKELEY LAB,
ITS LICENSORS (IF ANY), THE UNITED STATES, THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF
ENERGY, AND THEIR EMPLOYEES: (1) DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, (2) DO NOT ASSUME ANY
LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS
OF THE SOFTWARE, (3) DO NOT REPRESENT THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE WOULD NOT
INFRINGE RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY, AND (4) DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL
FUNCTION UNINTERRUPTED, THAT IT IS ERROR-FREE. OR THAT ANY ERRORS WILL BE
CORRECTED. IN NO EVENT SHALL BERKELEY LAB OR ITS LICENSORS (IF ANY), THE UNITED
STATES, THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, OR THEIR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE
FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY
KIND OR NATURE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFITS OR LOSS OF DATA,
FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS ASSERTED ON THE BASIS OF
CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN
IF BERKELEY LAB HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES.

                            *** Copyright Notice ***

geNomad Copyright (c) 2022, The Regents of the University of California,
through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any
required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy). All rights reserved.

If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this software,
please contact Berkeley Lab's Intellectual Property Office at IPO@lbl.gov.

NOTICE: This Software was developed under Contract No. DE-AC02-05CH11231 with
the Department of Energy (“DOE”). During the period of commercialization or
such other time period specified by DOE, the U.S. Government is granted for
itself and others acting on its behalf a nonexclusive, paid-up, irrevocable,
worldwide license in the Software to reproduce, prepare derivative works, and
perform publicly and display publicly, by or on behalf of the U.S. Government.
Subsequent to that period, the U.S. Government is granted for itself and others
acting on its behalf a nonexclusive, paid-up, irrevocable, worldwide license in
the Software to reproduce, prepare derivative works, distribute copies to the
public, perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit others to do so.
The specific term of the license can be identified by inquiry made to Lawrence
Berkeley National Laboratory or DOE. NEITHER THE UNITED STATES NOR THE UNITED
STATES DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, NOR ANY OF THEIR EMPLOYEES, MAKES ANY WARRANTY,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OR ASSUMES ANY LEGAL LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF ANY DATA, APPARATUS, PRODUCT, OR
PROCESS DISCLOSED, OR REPRESENTS THAT ITS USE WOULD NOT INFRINGE PRIVATELY
OWNED RIGHTS.